you don't remember our kiss good kiss in
bed early no playground you don't
remember
oh yes I remember sure great so it was
just a kiss you know just a kiss yes yes
it was just to kiss yeah great yeah your
friend from now on just friend you know
a great friend yes of course
yeah we're okay your friends don't worry
hello Thank You Franco if you ever
thought I without a soul you should
register to demolish mr. onion and Yaya
and yes is there a nice place around
here that I can do - what nice place
yes nice place I see Oh
is there a small lighthouse
well what lighthouse it's supposed to be
small right all right how sure yeah
lighthouse you know reveries well I
don't know no well is it I don't know
you still on my toes I don't know unit
from here yes no no no Chuckie Sol their
leaves a lighthouse yes
lighthouse lie sir
let us to meeting the mayor lighthouse
yeah here I don't know I don't know Here
I am all life jugar do you know are you
a lifeguard yeah oh it should not cool
this is warm
yeah I can swim well - OH you can swim
cool good yeah I like to swim but I
don't have a bathing suit
ah Chuckie will you swim I will put it
to you if we will swim I will put it to
you yeah